Complete doc overhaul (#741)
r-lib/styler: vignettes/strict.Rmd

---
title: "The effect of `strict = FALSE`"
output: rmarkdown::html_vignette
vignette: >
  %\VignetteIndexEntry{The effect of `strict = FALSE`}
  %\VignetteEngine{knitr::rmarkdown}
  %\VignetteEncoding{UTF-8}
---

```{r, include = FALSE}
knitr::opts_chunk$set(
  collapse = TRUE,
  comment = "#>",
  results = "hide"
)

knitr::knit_engines$set(list(
  styler = function(options) {
    options$comment <- ""
    knitr::engine_output(
      options,
      {
        before <- options$code
        after <- as.character(styler::style_text(options$code, strict = FALSE))
        if (!identical(trimws(before, "right"), after)) {
          stop("Before unlike after:", before)
        }
        after
      },
      ""
    )
  }
))
```

This vignette shows how output from styler might differ when `strict = FALSE`. 
For brevity, we don't show the output of `strict = TRUE`, but it should be 

> pretty simple for the user to derive it form the bullet or simply paste the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pretty simple for the user to derive it from the bullet point(s) or simply paste the 
```
